---
# multilingual page pair id, this must pair with translations of this page. (This name must be unique)
lng_pair: id_PwC_UK
title: PwC UK

# post specific
# if not specified, .name will be used from _data/owner/[language].yml
#author: ""
# multiple category is not supported
category: Profile
# multiple tag entries are possible
tags: [Profile, Study]
# thumbnail image for post
img: ":PwC_logo.png"
# disable comments on this page
comments_disable: false

# publish date
date: 2024-07-12 13:45:08 +0900

# seo
# if not specified, date will be used.
#meta_modify_date: 2021-09-12 13:45:08 +0900
# check the meta_common_description in _data/owner/[language].yml
#meta_description: ""

# optional
# please use the "image_viewer_on" below to enable image viewer for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image viewer can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_viewer_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_viewer_on: true
# please use the "image_lazy_loader_on" below to enable image lazy loader for individual pages or posts (_posts/ or [language]/_posts folders).
# image lazy loader can be enabled or disabled for all posts using the "image_lazy_loader_posts: true" setting in _data/conf/main.yml.
#image_lazy_loader_on: true
# exclude from on site search
#on_site_search_exclude: true
# exclude from search engines
#search_engine_exclude: true
# to disable this page, simply set published: false or delete this file
#published: false
---
* TOC
{:toc}

# PwC Leeds, UK  
*Technology Consultant*  
*September 2022 - July 2024*  
*Graduate Scheme*  
*To comply with the company's code of conduct, I will withhold the client's name and specific project details.*


---

## Projects Overview


### Data Flow Architect

*Dec 2022 - Feb 2023*  
*Data Architect*
*architecture, Microsoft Visio, Jira, agile*

- **Project Team**: This project involved redesigning the cloud architecture for a large supermarket. I was part of the Data team, focused on developing the data architecture.
  
- **Roles and Responsibilities**:
  - **Data Flows Design**: Created a process to visualize and manage the data lifecycle, ensuring compliance with data usage policies.
  - **Data Collection**: Integrated multiple sources including user feedback, surveys, consumer records, supermarket and warehouse inventories.
  - **Data Pre-Processing**: Handled data cleansing, normalization, and screening to ensure high-quality, unified data in the database.
  - **Data Storage and Use**: Designed detailed specifications for data rights management, modeling, and storage.
  - **Data Compliance**: Established processes for data updates and deletion to adhere to GDPR and other regulations.
  - **Team collaboration**: Assisted in designing the client’s Data Team structure, incorporating concepts from Spotify's squad model and the Center of Excellence (COE).

- **Key Accomplishments**: Overall, this first project really provided a rewarding experience to me in my future career. I've developed a bunch of good habits thanks to my manager Patrick. Under his guidance, I refined my work and delivered a successful outcome to the client.

> *“Lucas is a talented associate, and his efforts are evident. His knowledge in data area has benefited the team immensely.”*  
> <p align="right">— Patrick</p>  

---

### Test automation workflow

*March 2023 - July 2023*  
*Quality Assurance, Test automation implementation leader*  
*Azure devOps, Python, Selenium, Pytest*

- **Project Team**: This project is a business development work to build and maintain an internal platform as DevOps. I worked on the QA team and also interface with the data/development team.
  
- **Roles and Responsibilities**:
  - **Test assurance**: ensure that all the expected functions works well for any new updates, maintain a list of bugs(to be fixed), .
  - **Dashboard development**: to monitor the platform status from the backend, Generate dashboard for all tests cases and pages monitor.

  - **Test Automation**: Leading a squad of 4 members, we built a well-structured test automation project for smoke tests over the course of three months and drafted the program's structure documentation, usage documentation and example usage for future test union extensions.

- **Key Accomplishments**: To be honest, I think this test automation project is a masterpiece, it's so rubostic that I can see it running all day! It seems that they still develop it on github enterprise and have about 300 test cases

> *“He works harder than anyone else I think. He's very interested in coding, and I think we've been able to move the project forward largely because of him. I don't have any concerns about his skills. When it comes to communication, sometimes lucas takes a while to find the right word, but I don't think it affects his performance at all and I wish to have him in my team forever.”*  
> <p align="right">— Jonathan</p>  

---

### AWS Cloud Implementations

- **Project Team**: Collaborated with a cross-functional team to implement AWS cloud solutions.
- **Roles and Responsibilities**: Led the design and deployment of cloud infrastructure, focusing on scalability and security.
- **Key Accomplishments**: Quantified improvements in system performance and cost efficiency, meeting client’s KPIs and expectations.

---

### To be editted.

---

## Certifications

Certifications without links are unfortunately lost.

| Certification | Date Obtained |
| ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------: |
| [Power BI Data Analyst Associate (PL-300)](../assets/img/Cert/Power%20BI%20Data%20Analyst%20Associate.pdf) | |
| [Power Platform App Maker Associate (PL-100)](../assets/img/Cert/Power%20Platform%20App%20Maker%20Associate.pdf) | |
| [Power Platform Fundamentals (PL-900)](../assets/img/Cert/Power%20Platform%20Fundamentals.pdf) | |
| [Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900)](../assets/img/Cert/Azure%20Fundamentals.pdf) | |
| [Salesforce Associate](../assets/img/Cert/Certification-SF-Associate.pdf) | |
| AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01) | |
| Alteryx Designer Core | |

